
How do you trust it? Especially if you are an engineer that's been writing code for a very long time, you have a lot of opinions and lessons learned about doing good engineering. When you see agents just guessing, hallucinating, confidently stating that they found the smoking gun for the hundredth time, but it's actually not the real problem, you lose a lot of trust. And when you don't have much trust in your agents, I feel like you really can't get the most out of them.
And for me, the parallels with management. If I'm an engineering manager for a team and I don't trust my engineers, then the mode of operation I'm going to be in is micromanagement. I'll have to spend a lot of time looking over my reports' shoulders and checking that they're doing their work well, like not shipping bugs to production.
And so I drew this chart because it's not a very scientific chart, but this is how I imagine myself and my journey through using agents. Fast forward or back backwards like a year or so when nobody or not many people were using agents to code. You get into this mode where you are very heavily in the loop with one or several, like a handful of agents.
You find yourself constantly trying to understand what your agents are doing. You're very in the loop, watching every single output and sitting there prompting. You really can't parallelize beyond that because you don't have that trust. You can't spawn 100 agents when you don't even trust the output of one agent. Over the past five months, I feel like I've really been able to ascend this trust curve.
And now I'm at the point where I actually have my agents auto merging PRs for me, which sounds kind of scary to say and makes me sound like a slop artist, but I promise I'm not. It's a wild thing to say, but I woke up today and there were about 20 PRs landed. I just reviewed them on main—they were already landed and they were good. So how did I get to that point? That's basically what I wanted to talk about today.
And again, feel free to jump in if you have questions, con, but oh of course, I gotta show this chart where don't do not trust to read someone requested to control my computer. Probably won't do that. But, so this chart, I think I'm sharing this chart not to kind of like flex, but to kind of show like the journey, like so you can see like the curve, like it's sort of like inversely matches the contributions.
I've been able to land at Cursor. I joined five months ago, and my first month was not very productive because I was learning the code base and didn't know what was going on. As I got more confident in my agents, I've really been able to ramp up my productivity. Last month I shipped 1,000 PRs, which is ridiculous, and this month we're only on the 12th and I'm already at almost 800 PRs landed.
The velocity is definitely high, and I'm sure a lot of you will question how much of this code is actually good. That's a fair question. But if you set up your agents well, you can definitely get to a very similar level. So I'm going to talk about how we do that.
For me, I'm curious to hear about your experience as well, but the most important skill in your toolbox when working with agents is verification. By verification, I mean the ability for an agent to actually run the code, take CPU traces or heap snapshots, open an iOS simulator—whatever way your application is exposed to your users.
It can do the same thing and run it for real, actually test and verify it'll work because that's what really closes the loop. It doesn't guarantee your agent writes good code, but it allows them to at least write correct code, which is a big step forward for being able to trust your agent. I can share one example we have within Cursor.
Let me open this. For Cursor's agent window, this is actually an interesting story. When I joined Cursor five months ago, I was supposed to join a different team.
I was supposed to join the Cloud Agents team, but since I have a lot of experience working on React and Agent Window is a React application, I was asked to help out with the agent window work. There wasn't really a lot of skills to help me, so I found myself in a situation where the agent was going to launch in about a week. We had a tight deadline, and I was just sitting there, so I decided to open up Chrome DevTools and take a trace.
I looked at it myself and tried to make sense of this flame graph. Keep in mind, I was just my first week, so I had no idea what I was looking at; I had some idea, but the code base was completely fresh to me. And I realized my agent had no idea either. I would take a screenshot of the trail, download trade, send it to it, and say, "Yeah, it kind of looks like this," and it would confidently state it's this thing. Then I try to fix that, and turns out that's not the actual thing.
This was a very slow process. If you've ever done performance work yourself, or even development with an agent where you don't have a verification skill, you are the verifier and the bottleneck. You tell your agent to do something, it goes off and writes code, then you open up your local dev build and start to say it doesn't work. Then you have to copy, paste screenshots or console errors, and your agent slowly works with that, tries to understand it, and fixes the thing.
But then you're constantly in the loop and being a bottleneck, so there's really no way to parallelize. The control glass skills are one of the first skills I built for Cursor and Glass—by the way, Glass is the code name for the agents window we use internally, but it's just Cursor. This skill isn't super interesting; your agent can easily make one for you where, if you're building an Electron app, a web app, or even iOS applications, you can teach your agent how to use it.
The Chrome Dev Tools protocol or Apple has some utilities as well for running the simulator, taking traces, and providing programmatic control. That's really useful. But one thing I actually want to talk about is this: this skill comes with a very unique file called a feature map.
And so the story then is I built this skill and now the agent was able to actually run the agent window and take traces and whatnot, but it had no idea what the agent's window was. So if someone said the left sidebar is laggy or the right side PR tab is not working, the agent would just be flailing around, spending a lot of time trying to look up the code.
Where is this feature? How do I actually get to it on the UI, which made it basically completely useless? I would run the skill locally, and it would spawn a dev build, but then it would just be churning. I try to click here, and it wouldn't know how to get to things; it was just an awful experience. So who is putting arrows on my screen? This feature map has been really useful because it teaches the agent how to get to all of the features that you have.
In PSEC, the plugin I've made—if you search for PSEC cursor on Google, you'll find it—includes a create verification skill that helps you set up something like this for yourself, including the feature map. It will explore the code and build up an initial feature map that tells your agent how to access all of the different features you have. This is extremely powerful because with user reports coming in, you can map even vague reports or screenshots.
We have this internally at Cursor where we have a Slack channel with lots of people giving us feedback on the agents window and Rock Bar. Oftentimes the report is very low quality, like someone just puts a screenshot and then says question mark, lacking context and understanding of how to actually navigate to all of the different features.
So like, example, I guess like sidebar, like what is the sidebar, like all the different sub features that are present in it, like from the user point of view, shows way to how do I get to it. All the different keyboard shortcuts. Even like the, what do you call it, the Dom elements or, like the attributes that you use for selecting things through the CDP are all there. So again, this is like really powerful for agents and at peace that ships that create verification skill, but also I maintain verification skill so you can keep this up to date.
I was just going to ask how you created that. So do you mind sharing a little bit more about that process in the context of P stack and maybe just what P stack is for the folks who aren't familiar? P stack is pretty interesting because, first of all, the name is kind of goofy. The P in P stack is like potato stack because there is a pretty famous person, Gary Tan, who is the CEO of Y Combinator, and he came up with this plugin called G Stack, Gary Stack.
Funnily enough, we share the last name. We have no relation, but I thought it'd be funny to poke fun at Gary and make P Stack my version of his plugin, tailored to my own set of engineering practices. Honestly, I never set out to build Pisa. It just started with a bunch of skills, like the control glass skill and another called how, which I noticed through observing agents.
So in the early days of me trying to climb this ladder, I was super in the loop and basically nitpicking my agents to an extreme degree. I would tell it, "This feature has stopped working. Here's a bug report. Why isn't it working?" And very often the agent would confidently state, "It has to be this thing." But when I looked at the actual two calls, I noticed it wasn't actually that which I thought should be effective.
And that made me extremely suspicious. At that point, I thought, I can't trust this agent anymore because it's completely hallucinating. It's easy to build up that distrust and feel helpless, not knowing how to help your agents succeed. But again, the management analogy is helpful because imagine if you were a manager of an engineering team and you had an engineer who was a really good coder but had no business context whatsoever—you just hired them.
And they onboarded, like five seconds ago. So how do you actually teach that person to be effective? You do that through a skill being just markdown, but it encodes a lot of information and instructions. You can really draw out a lot of intelligence from an agent by pulling the agent to a different latent space, which is kind of a fancy way of saying that LLMs predict the next token when you give them high-quality tokens to begin with.
Then you know, it can kind of pattern match on like a higher space that's, smarter. So that's like a very interesting model there. But, I built piece that very incrementally. So started with just really observing how agents in all the fail different failure modes of that agents were having and every time I saw that I just, I'm just gonna make that a skill, right? Like stop hallucinating, actually go and search up, look up the code, use a lot of subagents and, stop guessing.
That makes sense. One follow-up question here, both for myself and from a bunch of people in the chat. So it's two parts. First, how do you maintain these skills? The product changes over time, and obviously a lot of people are shipping against the code base, so how do these skills get maintained? Second, how do you know when your verification is good enough, and you can trust that the verification loops you built will produce trusted outputs?
Maybe I'll talk about something somewhat related, starting with this one first. How do I maintain these skills? If you're not familiar with this concept, an eval is essentially like a unit test for an agent, and you can actually make your own eval without needing a special framework. You can build one depending on how scientific and rigorous you want to be.
My screen is red. There's a little button, like disabling the drawing. I can't see my screen. If you guys could not draw on the screen, that'd be great. But there's a little button in the little drop down. How do I clear? So evals are a way to unit test your skills.
In Pstack, we ship under Potato Moon, there's a playbook if you search called Eval Playbook. It's actually pretty rigorous the way it's done. Essentially what I do is spawn a lot of different subagents. My main coordinator agent comes up with a rubric for what I want the skill to do, then it spawns all these subagents and creates individual directories for them.
Which are cleverly named to not let the sub agent know that it's being evaluated because agents can actually tell and when they do, they change their behavior. But it does a bunch of stuff like that to essentially test whether or not the skill I'm making or changing is actually doing what I think it does. And one of the really nice things about cursor is that we support so many different models, so you can actually eval your skill across all sorts of different models and get a sense of how well it performs across that different matrix, especially for the models that you use.
I do this often. Every time I modify a skill, I run one of these, like the email playbook, to ensure it's actually leading to a result I want. However, maintaining skills is quite challenging and requires a lot of taste and observation. You need to be very good at being a backseat driver—if you've ever done pair programming, for example, and watched a coworker code, you might think you could probably do it better.
You can do it, so why didn't you? You ask many questions to your coworker, and this is similar. You don't want to be a passive observer of the agent; you want to be in the driver's seat in the initial stages when building your own skills. Obviously, you can use something like PSEC, but if you're building your own skills, opening up all the tool calls, reading the code, and observing the agent's behavior and thinking blocks is a great way to learn.
Where they fail, and where are they being done? Then you can go and build a skill for that. With verification, how you trust it is also a very similar iteration loop. I actually did the same process for verifying the verification skill. One thing that's interesting about evals is that you can sort of hill climb them, meaning that your eval can produce a score.
A score that you can get your coordinator to produce. But you can also have a judge agent of a different model to cross reference and make sure that the first model is not being biased. The model that's judging all of the sub agents that are running the thing, but you can also hill climb. So meaning that you can use slash loop in cursor and you can say, keep looping on this eval until everything is 10 out of 10 as an example.
I did the same, basically the same approach with the control skill. It was very hands off actually. I built that skill like the CLI, and over time it's gotten really good. But it was definitely not super smooth at the beginning; it required a lot of iteration. There's an analogy here for me, which I make later in a different slide on my drawing.
As a engineer now, you're sort of more like you like maybe a manager or the analogy I like is like you're like a chef in a restaurant. You're the head chef. You're not cooking all the food yourself anymore. You have a team of cooks, right? You have a line cooks, you have a sous chef, you know all these different stations. And it's your job to really design the environment. You're in charge of setting up the kitchen. You're in charge of, giving tasks to different people.
It's a very interesting way of working. That's how I've basically built these verification skills. I had to go try to go one layer deeper. So, let's say we wanted to build an eval or a skill for something and we wanted to kind of get better on its own, which is what I think you're suggesting. Are you doing that in a work tree kind of isolated with the sub agents and then the reviewer agents and all that?
Is it happening in some type of cloud-hosted environment? What are the practical steps if I wanted to go do this and set up a verification system for something, where would I start? I think the best place to start is local because you can observe what your agents are doing. So if you're building a verification skill for yourself, I would definitely start local and just have your agent bring up the application, whether it's a CLI or desktop app.
And so you can actually observe how the agent is interacting with the application. You can see how it calls the different APIs that allow it to interact with the application. But for me personally, I have basically been all in on cloud agents because they're extremely powerful. And the really powerful thing about Cursor is the cloud agents actually, where if you spend a little bit of time setting up environment, these control skills, these verification skills pay a huge amount of dividends because it's not just something that makes you as a single engineer better.
It actually levels up your whole team and even your whole company because you can start thinking about Cloud Agent teams talking about automations that automatically do things like, I'll get into it later. For example, I talk a lot about this agent we have called Benny, who takes all of the bug reports that we get and automatically goes off in the cloud, opens up a cloud.
It's desktop. It runs cursor in its own computer and uses the same control skills to interact with the application and try to reproduce the bug or the user report. This is so powerful because at once I can immediately get so much information from this automatically. Here in this example, you can see that Benny actually reproduced the bug, but it's already fixed on me, so it confirms that we fixed this problem already.
And all I need to do is just release another build of cursor. That's huge information that I didn't have to go off and sit with an agent, spending an hour trying to figure out if this is fixed or not. So you gain back so much time, and everybody on my team benefits from this, as does everyone in the company. Definitely think that using cloud agents is super powerful, but it's a journey.
You have to trust it first before you get to this point. That goes back to what I was saying where it's very hard, almost impossible. I would definitely encourage you not to try to jump from, if you're still in this zone, you don't want to jump to spawning hundreds or thousands of collagens right now because you're just going to waste a lot of tokens and be extremely expensive. So just to recap so far, basically if we wanted to go on the journey that you've kind of gone on, it would be to start with verification, building some skills and ways of determining that the agents are producing at least.

【The content is generated by AI and is for reference only.】