
It's very hard, almost impossible. I would definitely encourage you not to try to jump from this zone to spawning a hundred thousand or thousands of clients right now because you're just going to waste a lot of tokens and that's going to be extremely expensive. To recap so far, if we wanted to go on the journey you've gone on, it would be to start with verification, building some skills and ways of determining that the agents are producing at least correct code, whether it's good code or not.
It's maybe a separate question, but technically it's solving the problem by looking at stack traces and the actual behavior in the app. Once we trust it locally, we can start to think about scaling into the cloud and running more agents that pick up signals on their own, whether that's a bug report that comes in—they can go pick it up, solve the problem, and give us back a PR. The last step might be auto-merging the PRs, which is where you're at.
And then reviewing the one main. But is that about right? Exactly. I think that's why I drew this curve, because it basically describes my journey of when I started barely could use a couple of agents and I was just observing every single thing. There's really no shortcut for going from here to there because this is really about your personal level of trust in agents. Obviously, as an engineer, you don't want to just slot code into production.
How do you actually build up that trust? It takes a lot of taste and judgment. But plugins like Pstack can help you get up to speed much quicker. If you trust me and you trust Pstack, then by extension, you can maybe trust your agents. But if you don't trust me—and I definitely would not encourage people to blindly trust me—build up your own set of skills so you can take a look at Pstack and fork it.
Make it your own, improve the skills, definitely encourage that. But for me, it's really all about trust; it just keeps coming back to trust. Every one of us here in this chat has a different standard for engineering, and there are different things that are important for us in our code base. When you are able to encode all of that into skills and verify that your agent is actually doing them, that allows you to really ascend this curve.
Start automating things. There's another piece I wanted to talk about, but go for it—I'll pick up more questions as I go. There's a third part to this, which I haven't discussed yet, and it's an interesting one: refactoring and rewriting. Rewriting is one of the most controversial topics in the industry: should you rewrite your app or not? Engineers are very prone to this, especially when joining a company—you see the codebase and think, "man, this is shit."
Who wrote this code? It's terrible. I want to rewrite the whole thing. There is a very common inclination, and I think a lot of people—before agents and arguably even now—will definitely discourage you from rewriting stuff. But I'm actually here to make a case for why you might want to consider it, because I think it really depends. Brownfield applications are actually in a pretty good spot, especially if they're set up well already.
Recently, I've been talking to some people, but I was just observing and noticed this parallel: a lot of big tech company problems are now everybody's problems. When I was working at Meta, we had a giant monorepo with tens of thousands of engineers banging on their keyboards and shipping code, and a lot of really great engineers at Meta.
But I'll say like, you'll be surprised that the code quality is actually not that good. And so I often joke that like, before AI sloth, we had human sloth. And so, I think a lot of big tech info like what meta has or Google, you really big tech companies are actually designed for that where you're, you're sort of like you're catering to the, like sound that sounds so bad to say. But like the least capable engineer on your team, right?
You build frameworks, conventions, and guardrails, and you restrict credentials so that your intern doesn't wipe your production database. If you have that level of infrastructure already, I think your agents can already do a very solid job because the guardrails are in place for agents to not cause havoc or too much havoc in your codebase. You can always add more.
Know guardrails. But I think greenfield applications, especially brand new applications, are the biggest risk and also the greatest opportunity because if you vibe code a project—a prototype like we did for Grokbot, which was spun up very quickly—and if you haven't heard of Grokbot, it's our new application we just launched yesterday. It's really cool; it lets you orchestrate individual agents that have their own identity, and you can kind of orchestrate them.
It's super cool. Definitely check it out. But that was a very greenfield application, like most prototypes are, so it was vibe coded very quickly; humans were not reading the code at all. And I had this tweet recently where I said something about organic architecture—find it. But the idea is that when you have a completely vibe coded application, you essentially have no guardrails whatsoever.
Your agents, when you give them a task, will just solve it in whatever method is the most convenient. Over time, you get into this situation where you have a code base that is spiraling out of control because you don't understand it. Your agents understand it in a way, but they've built something that is optimized for shortcuts, and you will suffer; you will have a lot of issues with that application.
Starting your code base with very strong constraints is very much needed. When you have a code base that you can trust, when you have guardrails that actually help your agents write good code, you can get into this part of the curve where I woke up today and had 20 PRs merged by my agents. That's because I invested a lot of time, over 600 PRs I calculated yesterday when I refactored all of Grokbot to this new architecture that I've been building.
I've gotten to a point where I really don't look at the code anymore. I say that not just to sell you tokens, but because it took a lot of work to get to that point. I spent a lot of tokens to get the code base to this point where I no longer have to look at it. But I'm very excited because the potential doesn't just benefit me; it benefits everyone contributing to Growth Bot and also empowers designers, product managers, and people.
Even GTM people can add features to growth bot, and I don't have to worry. I don't have to wake up in the middle of the night worrying that someone's just merged a perf regression. I have a ton of constraints in CI. It's actually very annoying to write code in graph, but agents absorb all of that annoyance. I'm happy to talk about what exactly that is. One question before we get into this part is around the element of what your CI looks like or maybe some of the constraints, and also the average PR size.
I saw a question about that earlier just to give people a glance. It doesn't have to be mathematically average, but generally the size of a PR if it's only a couple lines of code. I think it depends on me trying to do this in a way where I'm not going to share the actual number view. Fun fact is that virtualization in Grokbot and in a cursor is actually powered by a pretext.
Which is a sort of new library that someone's built that's really interesting. You should check it out, but that's not really that important. I think the average PR size can range anywhere from a few hundred lines or 50 lines to like 1,000, depending on what the thing is doing. Here, I'm actually deleting a bunch of files, so I expect that it's mostly deletion, but it kind of varies.
There's only a hard cap, right? They're all like 50 lines. There's no hard cap. There's definitely no hard cap. But I do encourage my agents to split up their work into multiple PRs. I do that mostly because I like the idea of the Git history being a very rich source of context, and I like each PR to atomically describe what that small piece is doing.
Which also makes it easier for me to revert changes and figure out if I shipped a bug, since it's here and not in this 40,000-line PR where who knows what landed. I don't have a hard cap on PR sizes. And then, also a quick question on CI: without going into the screen share of your CI setup, could you generally describe what the CI looks like or how strict it is?
Specifically for Grokbot, so doing is the sort of cheeky code name for the architecture that we built for Rockbot. The CI looks pretty annoying because there's checks for everything. If you've written any React, for example, you know that one of the biggest foot guns in React is useEffect. So in Dune and in Graphbot, we've banned useEffect.
Dune Assistant, the mental model of what Dune is, you can think of it as Next.js for Electron apps. It's designed for agents to write and is custom for agent-powered applications. The CI checks are very specific to that, such as banning certain effects; CI will fail and yell at you. Some of the more interesting ones that might raise eyebrows include banning code comments, which is quite interesting.
But I've noticed that 99% of the time, agents just write code comments that describe some historical thing that is actually totally irrelevant to the code. It will often say something like, "Lauren said you should never do this," and it's now in the code comment. What? Why? That wasn't meant as a durable, global rule; I just meant that your PR sucks and you should change that part. Agents don't really understand us that well, surprisingly.
They assume too much and do things in very stupid ways, so we just ban everything you can imagine. The agents are bad at that, so we ban. One example we suffer a lot from in the agent's window is performance issues; if you've used it, you've definitely seen them, and we're constantly trying to fix them. It's a never-ending struggle because there are so many pull requests merged every day, any one of which could regress performance, stability, or reliability.
The agents window doesn't have this architecture yet. I plan to bring this learning back there and refactor everything, but it regresses super often because we have very poor isolation between processes. For example, in Electron, you have a render thread that renders your UI, but you also have a main thread that can run other code without blocking the renderer.
But we do a poor job of separating those things. So oftentimes you accidentally have code that gets pulled into running on the render thread, and then all of a sudden you're competing with the renderer. If you want 60 FPS, every frame that gets drawn has to be done in 16 milliseconds, so there's a very small deadline per frame if you want a very smooth product. When you start building, accidentally bringing in things that are very computationally heavy or have a lot of I/O, then you just get into a lot of jank and your FPS really drops.
You start losing frames, and you get long tasks that take more than 16 milliseconds, resulting in a choppy experience. All of those patterns we've learned from building Electron apps are encoded into this framework and become hard failures. In Grokbot, we literally have directories called Electron Main and Electron Renderer, with import checks that verify the dependency graph to prevent accidentally importing code from one directory to another.
That's enforced by CI as well as bug bots, which is our cursor-like code review tool that runs on CI in our agents. MD, it's everywhere. I have this thing here where I talk about multiple layers for building a good code base. Obviously, the code base is one where if you have an architecture like this where it's extremely strict, the way to build features is very conventional.
That's the strongest level of enforcement because agents just love to copy existing patterns. One example in Rockbot is we have concepts called a feature, entry points, and transcript cards—the cards you see in the chat. These are all nouns in the framework, so there's a very conventional way of creating them. A feature is all in a single directory, for example.
All of the code that contributes to that feature lives in one directory, so it's all colocated in one place. This makes it super easy. Agents don't have to grab around and try to figure out where all the things are. They just look at the feature and think, "I'm working on the onboarding feature in Grokbot, so I'll just work in this directory." For 80% of the work, it's mostly encapsulated there, but it's designed for the dumbest agent—you don't have to think.
One of the key principles I have for this framework is that the shortest path is the best path. This plays exactly to how agents love to write code; they like to take shortcuts, really. They'll find the quickest way to solve a problem, so why not make that the best way? I probably won't get into all the specific details. This framework is truly more of a collection of ideas and principles rather than something that will be open sourced.
You can screenshot this if you want and tell your agent to build something like this for you too. But it's really all about the layers, where the code base is one part with features and directories, and import or blocking import dependencies that shouldn't be imported. It all enforces that through static analysis, so there are CI checks and we have a lot of links for bad patterns that we observe, along with compiler diagnostics.
There are also rules and Bugbot, which are more soft. These two actually make CI red, so there's a hard constraint where the agent can just write crappy code for rules and skills and Bugbot. Agents can still forget or may not always consistently apply them. I like to layer them, but I don't like to rely on them as the only source of enforcement because it's very soft.
If you only have rules, bugs, skills, and the style guide for your code, it's only a matter of time before your code base looks like complete trash. I definitely recommend investing in things that can be hard and forced. This is why the choice of tech stack you use is also very important. For example, Rust is getting super popular again because the compiler is so strict.
The compiler enforces so many different things. There's a borrow checker that you have to appease. As long as you make sure your agents don't write unsafe code blocks, you can more or less feel somewhat confident that if the code compiles, it probably works and is good. But it gives you that level of trust and confidence that you as a human engineer no longer need to go and check it yourself. You rely on code and static analysis to actually make that a lot smoother.
And I guess the worst part, the worst place to be in is if you are stuck in code review land where you actually enforce all of the constraints, the invariance in your code base by literally the human person saying, reading the code and. You should not do this right every time you have to do that, you should consider that as a code. Smell like a anti pattern and you should say, instead of me commenting on the PR, how do I turn this into a hard rule, right?
How do I turn this into a lint rule? How do I turn this into a CI failure? Or how do I even categorically eliminate this problem entirely? I can talk about another migration I've done, but I probably pause here. Sure. I feel like that's where I am, is what you're describing right now, which is that like I don't have all of these rules. So I have some things to go do after this session in terms of being able to scale my agents. I'm definitely on like the, maybe a couple of parallel ones locally stage, like 2 to 3 locally.
And I'm sure most people here are on the same. I know we only have a couple minutes left, Lauren, was there anything else that you wanted to highlight? Obviously there's lots of questions so I can grab more but I want to give you a few minutes if there's anything else you want to talk. I think I've been yapping for quite a lot, so maybe let's just do questions. One question that came up a couple times was around token usage. So the question is, is what you're describing a realistic thing for people who are on a normal set of token usage?
They don't have basically unlimited tokens to work with. That's a really good point. Obviously, I work at an AI lab where we have unlimited tokens, so I definitely cannot say that this is something everyone should do in the exact same way I did it. It's possible to get to this point without breaking the bank. But if you're an engineering leader or you lead a startup, for me it's a question of ROI, and yes.
You spend a lot of money on tokens in the upfront stage, like refactoring your code base is going to take a lot of tokens, and adding all these things is going to take a bunch of tokens. But if we're heading to a world where agents are writing all the code, you want to be very lean. You don't want to have to hire. You don't want to become like Meta in terms of a 10,000-person engineering org, though that's a cool problem to have.
But also, you have so much overhead. There's planning, and personally, it's not super fun, but I think you want to stay very nimble. You want agents to allow you to do things that you couldn't do before. That's really the value of agents to me. It's not just storing tokens on every single little thing, but the thing I couldn't do before is enforce this level of constraints in a code base by myself.
Like, I'm just a single person. It would have taken me years to build this framework and do it all the refactoring and test everything myself and verify, like run, imagine if there it was just me right now in pre agent era just like running, environment. It would take. Me so long, right? And my salary is pretty high, right? Like, the question I think an engineering leader might have is just then, like what is there's a trade off of do you hire someone to do this or do you spend the tokens to set up a code base so that even the most naive.
The dumbest agents can do a good job. And when you actually get to this point, even agents that are not fable size do an excellent job, and this pays a lot of dividends as well for me personally, where I have empowered not just myself but also PMs, designers, and engineers who are not familiar with it to contribute in a sustainable way. So it's definitely a trade-off.
Nothing is free for sure, and tokens are pretty expensive. But I don't know how many of you have seen this—we actually announced Grok 4.6 today, so very exciting, finally out. Grok 4.6 would be great; it's very smart and really good on the benchmarks. And it's the same tokens. Hopefully I'm not saying this incorrectly, but I believe the cost per token is the same as 4.5.
You're actually getting more intelligence for the same cost. This is an area that Cursor and SpaceX AI try to really optimize for, like that Pareto frontier of cost versus intelligence. We don't necessarily want to build the biggest model ever because that is extremely expensive to run. It's really about how do you find that sweet spot. You don't need a giant model, but it's just super smart and not very expensive for inference.
To round it up, if you do your own analysis, I feel like it's pretty positive that the ROI you get from investing like this empowers not just yourself but your whole team to be so much more productive. Imagine if you have an army of engineers like me who are shipping so many improvements and bug fixes every day.
That is pretty exciting. One last question before we wrap up. This one is for the people in product on the call. So let's say we do have an army of engineers for shipping like Lauren, I'm just curious how the product team or other functions of your company are keeping up given that if you're shipping so quickly, are they using AI more to do their jobs? As much as you can speak to that. And obviously, you're not in that role, but just curious about how that works. I think this is where Graphbot has been actually exceedingly powerful. Before Graphbot, Cursor only had Cursor, we only had Agent Window, we had a CLI, we had an IDE.
These are really power user tools, designed for developers. They're very developer-centric. You can do knowledge work in them, but the UI is not really optimized for that. We didn't really have a GTM product, though many people might have used Cursor to do their work, but it definitely wasn't a delightful experience for them. Now with Grokbot, it's become a culture moment for people who are not in tech, in my opinion. It's a very accessible way to use agents in a comfortable, familiar interface.
It looks like iMessage, and it's very fun too. You can give your agent a fun name and do orchestration in a natural way where each agent is like a person, and now you have a team of agents working on tasks. For example, you have one agent per account that you manage, or if you're a PM, you can have an agent that summarizes all the work Lauren did last night, so now you know what I did. Our PMs are leveraging that a lot.
And they're shipping code, too. Sometimes they will just say, here's a bug. I fixed it. Can you look at it? And then I'll go review it. And actually it's just perfect. I'm like, okay, stamp. So that I think that shows that the Dune architecture is holding up. The all the really strict constraints allow people who are not experts in engineering to contribute at a high level. Summer, I feel like I'm already seeing that pay off a lot where designers and PMs are just able to ship features directly and that just makes the Grokbot team super fast.
Where we can ship so quickly and we have a lot planned, so I'm very excited to ship more stuff. We are in time. Lauren, if folks want to support you, maybe go try out Grokbot and try out 4, 6, but this is awesome, really free.

【The content is generated by AI and is for reference only.】