
On what would it look like? Your agent was really more like a colleague. And so I started thinking about how I would make my agents automatically fix bugs for me while I sleep. That was the inspiration for some of our earlier experiments with building a more persistent bot. If you invest a lot in having early, the way I see engineers' roles evolve in the agent world is, as I mentioned, you're sort of like an engineering manager for your agents. But I think a big part of our.
Responsibility now as engineers is also to keep the code base in a condition where product managers and designers can contribute high quality code. So I assume you can see my screen. Yes, we're good. Today, the big thing for me as I've been using agents to write code, and I'm sure a lot of you have had the same experience, is how do you trust it? Especially if you are an engineer that's been writing code for a very long time, you have a lot of opinions and lessons that you've learned about doing good engineering.
When you see agents winging it, guessing, hallucinating, confidently stating that they found the smoking gun for the hundredth time, but it's actually not the real problem, you lose a lot of trust. When you don't have much trust in your agents, you really can't get the most out of them. For me, the parallels with management are clear: if I'm an engineering manager for a team and I have a team of engineers I don't trust.
Then the mode of operation I'm going to be in is micromanagement. I'll have to spend a lot of time looking over my reports' shoulders and checking that they're doing their work well, like they're not shipping bugs through production. So I drew this chart because it's not very scientific, but this is how I imagine myself and my journey through using agents. Fast forward or fast backward about a year or so when nobody or not many people were using agents to code.
You get into this mode where you are very heavily in the loop with one or several agents, and you find yourself constantly trying to understand what your agents are doing. You're watching every single output, sitting there prompting, and you really can't parallelize beyond that because you don't have that trust.
You can't go to 100 agents, like spawn 100 agents when you don't even trust the output of one agent. Over the past five months, I feel like I've really been able to ascend this trust curve. Now I'm at the point where I actually have—this sounds kind of scary to say and makes me sound like a slop artist, but I promise I'm not—my agents auto-merging PRs for me. It's a wild thing to say, but I woke up today and there were about 20 PRs landed, and I just reviewed them on main; they were already landed and they were good.
Did I get to that point? It's basically what I wanted to talk about today. And again, feel free to jump in if you have questions, con. But oh of course, I gotta show this chart where don't, do not trust to read someone requested to control my computer. Probably won't do that. But. So this chart, I think I'm sharing this chart not to kind of like flex, but to kind of show like the journey like so you can see like the curve, like it's sort of like inversely matches the contributions I've been able to land at cursor.
So I joined five months ago and five months ago, like I said, my first month I was like not very productive because I was obviously, I was learning the code base, didn't know what to happen.
The velocity is definitely high, and I'm sure a lot of you will be questioning how much of this code is actually good. That's a fair question, but if you set up your agents well, you can get to a very similar level. So I'm going to talk about how we do that.
I'm curious about your experience as well, but for me, the most important skill to have in your toolbox when working with agents is verification. By verification, I mean the ability for an agent to actually run the code, take CPU traces or heap snapshots, open an iOS simulator, or whatever way your application is exposed to your users.
It can do the same thing and run it for real, actually test and verify it won't work because that's what really closes the loop. It doesn't guarantee your agent writes good code, but it allows them to at least write correct code, which is a big step forward for being able to trust your agent. I can share one example we have within Cursor.
Let me open this. For the Cursor agent window, this is actually an interesting story. When I joined Cursor five months ago, I was supposed to join a different team.
I was supposed to join like the Cloud Agents team, but then since I have a lot of experience working on react and Agent's Window is a react application. I was asked to basically help out with the agent window work, but there wasn't really a lot of like skills to help me. So I just found myself that, Agent window is gonna launch in like a week. We have a really tight deadline and there was, I was just sitting there like, I'm gonna open up the performant, the Chrome dev tools and just like take a trace.
I looked at it myself and tried to make sense of this flame graph, keeping in mind that I was in my first week, so I had no idea what I was looking at. I had some idea, but the code base was completely fresh to me. I realized my agent had no idea either. I would take a screenshot of the child download trace or send it to it and say, "It kind of looks like this," and it would confidently state that it's this thing. Then I would try to fix that, and it turned out that wasn't the actual thing.
This was a very slow process. If you've ever done performance work yourself, or even development with an agent without a verification skill, you are the verifier and the bottleneck. You tell your agent to do something, it goes off and writes code, then you open up your local dev build and say it doesn't work. Then you have to copy and paste screenshots or console errors, and your agent slowly works with that, tries to understand it, and fixes the thing.
But then you're constantly in the loop and being a bottleneck, so there's really no way to parallelize. The control glass skills are one of the first skills I built for Cursor. Glass, by the way, is the code name for agent's window that we use internally, but it's just Cursor. This skill, I guess the code itself is not super interesting; your agent can very easily make one for you. If you're building an Electron app, a web app, or even iOS applications, you can teach your agent how to use the Chrome Dev Tools protocol or through Apple has some utilities as well for running the simulator and taking traces and controlling programmatic control as well.
So that's really useful. But one thing I want to actually want to talk about is the this thing. So this skill comes with this very unique feature called, or not feature, a unique file called a feature map. And so the story then is like, I built this skill and so now the agent was able to actually run the agent window and take traces and whatnot, but it had no idea what the agent window was. Like someone would say like, oh.
The left sidebar is laggy. The PR tab on the right side is not working, and the agent would flail around it, spending a lot of time trying to look up the code and figure out where this feature is and how to actually access it in the UI, which made it basically completely useless. I would run the skill locally on a dead build, but then it would just be churning while I tried to click here.
It wouldn't know how to get to things, and it was just an awful experience. So who was putting arrows on my screen? This feature map has been really useful because it teaches the agent how to get to all of the features that you have. In Pstack, the plugin I've made—if you search for Pstack cursor on Google, you'll find it—there is a create verification skill in that plugin where it actually helps you set up something like this for yourself, including the feature map.
We'll explore the code and build up an initial feature map that tells your agent how to access all of the different features you have. This is extremely powerful because now that you have these user reports coming in, you can map even a vague report or a screenshot. We have this internally at Cursor, where we have a Slack channel with lots of people giving us feedback on the agent's window and rock bar.
And oftentimes the report is very bad, like very low quality. Very often we get a screenshot and then someone just says question mark, like what is this? Without this, your agents have no clue. But with a feature map like this, it has a lot more context and understanding of how to actually navigate, how to get to all of the different features. For example, the sidebar, what is the sidebar, all the different sub features that are present in it, from the user point of view.
Here's where to get it. All the different keyboard shortcuts, even the DOM elements or attributes you use for selecting things through the CDP are all there. This is really powerful for agents and pieces that create verification skills, but also maintain verification skills so you can keep them up to date.
I was just going to ask how you created that. So do you mind sharing a little bit more about that process in the context of P stack and maybe just what P stack is for the folks who aren't familiar? P stack is pretty interesting because, first of all, the name is kind of goofy. The P in P stack is like potato tail stack because there is a pretty famous person, Gary Tan, who is the CEO of Y Combinator, and he's come up with this plugin called G Stack, Gary Stack.
And funnily enough, we share the last name. We have no relation. But I thought it'd be funny to poke fun at Gary and make pstack my version of his plugin, tailored to my own set of engineering practices. Honestly, I never set out to build pstack; it just started with a bunch of skills. I began with that control glass skill, then another called how, which I also noticed through observing agents.
In the early days of trying to climb this ladder, I was super in the loop and basically nitpicking my agents to an extreme degree. I would tell it, "This feature has stopped working. Here's a bug report. Why isn't it working?" And very often the agent would confidently state, "It has to be this thing." But when I looked at the actual tool calls, I noticed it wasn't actually reading the code that I thought should be affected.
And that made me just extremely suspicious. At that point, I said I'm not going to trust this agent anymore because it's completely hallucinating. I think it's very easy to build up that distrust and feel helpless, like you don't know how to help your agents succeed. But again, the management analogy is super helpful because imagine if you were a manager of an engineering team and you had an engineer who was a really good coder but had no business context whatsoever.
You just hired them and they onboarded like five seconds ago, so how do you actually teach that person to be effective? You do that through a skill being just markdown, but it codes a lot of information and instructions. You can really draw out a lot of intelligence from an agent by—some people on Twitter call it pulling the agent to a different latent space, which is a fancy way of saying that since LLMs predict the next token, when you give it some high quality tokens to begin with.
Then, it can kind of pattern match on a higher space that's smarter. So that's a very interesting model there. But I built this piece very incrementally. I started with just observing how agents fail and the different failure modes they were having. Every time I saw that, I would make it a skill: stop hallucinating, actually go and search up the code, use a lot of subagents, and stop guessing.
That makes sense. One kind of ball question here, both for myself and from a bunch of people in chat. So I guess it's two parts. One is how do you maintain these skills? The product changes over time, and obviously there are a lot of people who should be against the code base. So how do these skills get maintained? Second to that is how do you know when your verification is good enough, and you can trust that the verification loops you built will produce the outputs when they're done?
Maybe I'll talk about something somewhat related, starting with this one first. So how do I maintain these skills? If you're not familiar with the concept, an eval is essentially a way to—well, the mental model I had is that it's like a unit test for an agent. You can actually make your own evals; you don't need a special framework for them. You can build one depending on how scientific and rigorous you want to be.
My screen is red. There's a little button. Sorry. Don't mind, disabling the drawing. I can't see my screen. Sorry. If you guys could dodge it on the screen, that'd be great. But there's a little button. You got a troll? The little drop down. How do I clear? You got it. Perfect. So e valves are a way to unit test your skills basically.
And actually in pstack we ship under Potato Moon, there's a playbook if you search for it called Eval Playbook. And it's, it's like not, it's actually pretty rigorous the way it's done. But essentially what I do is I spawn a lot of different sub agents. I have like my main coordinator agent come up with a rubric for what I want the skill to do and then it spawns all these sub agents and it creates individual directories for them.
Which are cleverly named to prevent the sub agent from knowing it's being evaluated, because agents can actually tell and when they do, they change their behavior. It does a bunch of stuff like that to test whether or not the skill I'm making or changing is actually doing what I think it does. One of the really nice things about Cursor is that we support so many different models, so you can eval your skill across all sorts of different models and get a sense of how well it performs across that matrix, especially for the models you use.
I do this a lot. Every time I modify a skill, I run one of these like the eval playbook and make sure it's actually leading to a result I want. But maintaining skills is actually pretty hard; it requires a lot of taste and observation. You need to be very good at being a back seat driver, like if you've ever done pair programming, for example, and you watch a coworker code.
You could probably do this better, so why did you not do this? You ask a lot of questions to your coworker and it's a similar thing here. You don't want to just be a passive observer of the agent; you want to be in the driver's seat in the initial stages when building up your own set of skills. Obviously you can use something like PSAC, but if you're building your own set of skills, opening up all the tool calls, reading the code, and reading all the agent behavior and their thinking blocks is a really great way to.
See where they fail, and then you can go and build a skill for that. With verification, how you trust it is also a very similar iteration loop; I actually did the same process for verifying the verification skill. One thing that's interesting about evals is that you can sort of hill climb them, meaning that your eval can produce a score.
A score that you can get your coordinator to produce, but also you can have a judge agent of a different model to cross reference and make sure that the first model is not being biased. The model that's judging all of the subagents that are running the thing, but you can also hill climb, meaning that you can use slash loop in Cursor and say, keep looping on this eval until everything is 10 out of 10, as an example.
And I did the same, basically the same approach with the control skill. It was very hands off actually. I built that skill that way, like the CLI and that skill, and over time it's gotten really good. But it was definitely not super smooth at the beginning; it required a lot of iteration. And I think there's an analogy here, which is—well, I make this analogy later in a different slide on my drawing here—but I think of it like.
As an engineer now, you're more like a mini manager. The analogy I like is that you're like a chef in a restaurant—the head chef. You're not cooking all the food yourself anymore; you have a team of cooks: line cooks, a sous chef, and various stations. It's your job to design the environment, set up the kitchen, and assign tasks to different people.
It's a very interesting way of working. That's how I basically built these verification skills, just one layer deeper. So, let's say we wanted to build an evil or a skill for something and we want it to kind of get better on its own, which is what I think you're suggesting. Are you doing that in a work tree kind of isolated with sub agents and reviewer agents and all that?
Is it happening in some type of cloud-hosted environment? What are the more practical steps if I wanted to set up a verification system for something? Where would I start? I think the best place to start is local because you can observe what your agents are doing. If you're building a verification skill for yourself, I would definitely start local and have your agent bring up the application, whether it's a CLI or desktop app.
And so you can actually observe how the agent is interacting with the application. You can see it calls the different APIs that allow it to interact with the application. But for me personally, I have basically been all in on cloud agents because they're extremely powerful, and the really powerful thing about Cursor is the cloud agents actually.
Where if you spend a little bit of time setting up environment, these control skills, these verification skills pay a huge amount of dividends. Because it's not just something that makes you as a single engineer better, it actually levels up your whole team and even your whole company because you can actually start thinking about Cloud Agent. You can start thinking about automations that automatically do things like I, I get, I kind of talk about this a bit later, but I'll just kind of get into it where, for example.
I talk a lot about this agent we have called Benny, who takes all of the bug reports that we get and automatically goes off in the cloud, opens up a cloud desktop, runs cursor on its own computer, and uses the same control skills to interact with the application and try to reproduce the bug or user report. This is so powerful because immediately I get so much information from this automatically. Here in this example, you can see that Benny actually reproduced the bug, but it's already fixed on main.
It actually confirms that we fixed this problem already, and all I need to do is release another build of Cursor. That's huge information there; I didn't have to sit with an agent for an hour trying to figure out if it was fixed or not. So you gain back so much time, and everybody on my team and in the company benefits from this. Definitely think that using cloud agents is super powerful.
It's like a journey. You have to trust it first before you get to this point, and that goes back to what I was saying here where it's very hard—almost impossible. I would definitely encourage you not to try to jump from, if you're still in this zone, you don't want to jump to spawning hundreds of thousands of clients right now because you're just going to waste a lot of tokens, and that's going to be extremely expensive. To recap so far, basically, if we wanted to go on the journey that you've gone on, it would be to start with verification, building some skills and some ways of determining that the agents are producing at least correct code.
Whether it's good code or not is maybe a separate question, but it's technically solving the problem by looking at stack traces and the actual behavior in the app. Once we trust it locally, we can start to think about scaling into the cloud and running more agents that pick up signals on their own. Whether it's a bug report that comes in, they can go pick it up, solve the problem, and give us back a PR. The last step might be auto-merging the PRs, which is where you're at.
And then reviewing them on main. That's why I do this curve, because it basically describes my journey of when I started barely could use a couple agents and I was just observing every single thing. There's really no shortcut for going from here to there because this is really about your personal level of trust in engines. Obviously, as an engineer, you don't want to just slot code into production.
How do you actually build up that trust? It takes a lot of taste and judgment. But I think plugins like Pstack can definitely help you get up to speed much quicker. So if you trust me and you trust Pstack, then by extension, you can maybe trust your agents. But if you don't trust me, I definitely would not encourage people to blindly trust me.
If you build up your own set of skills that you can obviously take a look at, fork it, make it your own, and improve the skills, I definitely encourage that. But for me, it's really all about trust. Every one of us here in this chat has a different standard for engineering, and there are different things that are important for us in our code base. When you are able to encode all of that into skills and verify that your agent is actually doing them, that allows you to really ascend this curve and start automating things.
About there's. Go for it. I'll pick up more questions as I go. But, I think there's a third part to this, which I haven't talked about yet, which is kind of an interesting one, which is like refactoring and rewriting like one of the, most controversial, one of the most controversial topics in the industry. I think is like, should you rewrite your app or not? Because I think engineers are very prone to this where especially when you join a company, you come in and you see, the code base and you're like, man, this is shit.
Who wrote this code? It's terrible. I want to rewrite the whole thing. It's a very common inclination. Before agents, and arguably even now, people will discourage you from rewriting stuff, but I'm here to make a case for why you might consider it, because it really depends. Brownfield applications are actually in a pretty good spot, especially if they're set up well already.
Recently, I've been talking to some people, and I was just observing. I noticed a parallel: a lot of big tech company problems are now everybody's problems. When I was working at Meta, we had this giant monorepo with tens of thousands of engineers banging on their keyboards and shipping code, including many really great engineers.
But you'll be surprised that the code quality is actually not that good. I often joke that before AI swap, we had human swap. A lot of big tech infra like what Meta or Google have—really big tech companies—are actually designed for that, where you're catering to the least capable engineer on your team.
You build frameworks, conventions, and guardrails, and you restrict credentials so your intern doesn't wipe the production database. With that level of control, your agents can already do a very solid job. The guardrails are in place to prevent agents from causing havoc in your code base, and you can always add more. Greenfield applications, especially brand new ones, present the biggest risk and also the greatest opportunity.
If you vibe code a project, a prototype like we did for Grokbot, Grokbot was spun up very quickly. If you haven't heard of Grokbot, it's a new application we just launched yesterday. It lets you orchestrate your agents, create individual agents that have their own identity, and you can kind of orchestrate them. It's super cool; definitely check it out. But those are like a very greenfield application, as most prototypes are.
It's vibe coded very quickly. Humans were not reading the code at all. I had this tweet recently where I said something about organic architecture, find it. But the idea is that when you have a completely by coded application, you essentially have no guardrails whatsoever. So your agents, when you give them a task, they will just solve it in whatever method is the most convenient.
And over time you get into this situation where you have a code base that is spiraling out of control because you don't understand it, your agents understand it in a way. But they've built something that is optimized for shortcuts, and you will suffer, you have a lot of issues with that application. So I think starting your code base with very strong constraints is very much needed because when you have a code base that you can trust, when you have guard rails that actually help your agents write good code.
You can get into this part of the curve where, like I said, I woke up today and had about 20 PRs merged by my agents. That's because I invested a lot of time, over 600 PRs, I calculated yesterday when I refactored all of Grokbot to this new architecture that I've been building. I've gotten to a point where I really don't look at the code anymore.
I say that not just to sell you tokens, but because it took a lot of work to get to that point. I spent a lot of tokens to get my code base to this point where I no longer have to look at it. But I'm very excited because the potential isn't just that this benefits me; it benefits everyone contributing to Grokbot and it also empowers designers, product managers, and even GTM people to add features to Grokbot.
I don't have to worry. I don't have to wake up in the middle of the night and worry that someone's just merged a performance regression. I have a ton of constraints, and CI is actually very annoying to write code in graph, but agents absorb all of that annoyance. I'm happy to talk about what exactly that is. One question before we get into this part here is around what your CI looks like, maybe some of the constraints, and also the average PR size.
I saw a question about that earlier just to give people a glance. It doesn't have to be mathematically average, but just generally the size of the PR. If it's only a couple lines of code or not, I think it depends on me trying to do this in a way where I'm not going to like you. You don't have to share the actual number of views. Like the actual, I think this is fine, but we have, okay, this is not that interesting, but well, fun fact is that virtualization in Grokbot and in cursor is actually powered by pretext.
It's a sort of new library that someone built and it's really interesting. You should check it out, but that's not really important. I think the average PR size, I actually don't know. I'm not sure if I want to click on these, though I probably can. But I'd say they can range anywhere from a few hundred lines or 50 lines to 1,000, depending on what the thing is doing. Here, for instance, I'm deleting a bunch of files, so I expect it's mostly deletion, but it kind of varies.
There's only a hard cap around the middle. They're all like 50 lines, not a hard cap. There's definitely no hard cap. But I do encourage my agents to split their work into multiple PRs, mostly because I like the idea of that. Maybe this is much harder to do now in the world of agents with so many commits, but I like the idea that Git history is a very rich source of context, and I like each PR to atomically describe what that small piece is doing.
Which also makes it easier for me to revert changes and figure out if I shipped a bug—it's just here, not in this 40,000-line PR where who knows what landed in there. I don't have a hard cap on PR size. And then, a quick question on CI: you don't have to go into the screenshot like your CI does, but generally, would you describe what the CI looks like or how strict it is?
Specifically for Grokbot, Dune is a sort of cheeky code name for the architecture we built. The CI looks pretty annoying because there are checks for everything. For example, if you've written any React, you know that one of the biggest foot guns in React is useEffect. So in Dune and Grokbot, we've banned useEffect.
Dune is the mental model of what Dune is. You can think of it as Next.js for Electron apps, designed for agents to write and customized for our agent-powered applications. The CI checks are very specific to that, such as banning certain facts; the CI will fail and yell at you. Some of the more interesting ones that might raise eyebrows include actually banning code comments, which is very interesting.
But I've noticed that 99% of the time, agents just write code comments that describe some historical thing totally irrelevant to the code. They often say something like, "Lauren said you should never do this," and it ends up in the code comment. But I didn't say that as a durable, global rule; I just meant your PR sucks and you should change that part. Our agents don't really understand us that well, surprisingly.
They assume too much and do things in very stupid ways, so we just ban everything you can imagine. The agents are bad at that. One example we suffer a lot in the agents window is performance issues; if you use it, you've definitely seen them, and we're constantly trying to fix them. It's a never-ending struggle because there are so many pull requests that get merged.
Any one of them could regress performance, stability, or reliability. The agent window doesn't have this architecture yet, but I plan to bring this learning back there and refactor everything. It regresses often because we have poor isolation between processes. For example, in Electron, you have a renderer thread that renders your UI, but you also have a main thread that can run other code without blocking the renderer.
But we do a poor job of separating, and so often times you just accidentally—you can screenshot this, if you want.
The code base is one where, if you have an architecture like this that's extremely strict, the way to build features is very conventional; that's the strongest level of enforcement because agents just love to copy existing patterns. One example in Grappa is that we have these concepts called a feature, and we have entry points and transcript cards—the cards you see in the chat—these are all nouns in the framework.
There's a very conventional way of creating them. A feature is all in a single directory, and all of the code that contributes to that feature lives in one directory, so it's all colocated in one place. This makes it super easy. Agents don't have to grab around and try to figure out where all the things are. They just look at the feature and think, "I'm working on the onboarding feature in Grappa; I'm just going to work in this directory." For 80% of the work, it's mostly just very encapsulated there.
There is design again for the dumbest agent, where you don't have to think. One of the key principles I have for this framework is that the shortest path is the best path. That plays exactly to how agents love to be reckless; they like to take shortcuts and find the quickest way to solve a problem. So why not make that the best way to solve the problem?
I probably won't get into all the specific details. This framework is really more of a collection of ideas and principles rather than something that will open source. You can screenshot this, if you want, and tell your agent to build something like this for you too. But it's really all about the layers: the code base is one part with features and directories, and import dependencies that shouldn't be imported are blocked and enforced through static analysis.
CI checks, we have a lot of links for bad patterns that we observe. Compiler diagnostics, there's also rules and bugbot, which are more soft. These two actually make CI red, so there's a hard constraint where the agent can just write crappy code for rules and skills and bugbot. Your agents can still forget.
You can still apply them, but it may not always be consistent. I like to layer them, but I don't rely on them as the only source of enforcement because they are very soft. If you only have rules, bagua, skills, and a style guide for your code, it's only a matter of time before your code base looks like complete trash. I definitely recommend investing in things that can be hard and forced.
And this is why, maybe the choice of tech stack that you use is also very important. For example, Rust is getting super popular again because the compiler is so strict; it enforces so many different things. There's a borrow checker that you have to appease, and as long as you make sure your agents don't write unsafe code blocks, you can more or less feel somewhat confident that if the code compiles, it probably works and it's good.
It gives you that level of trust and confidence that you as a human engineer no longer need to go and check it yourself. You rely on code and static analysis to make that a lot smoother. The worst thing is if you are stuck in code review land where you enforce all of the constraints and invariants in your code base by literally having a human person read the code.
You should not do this. Every time you have to do that, consider it a code smell or an anti-pattern and say, instead of commenting on the PR, how do I turn this into a hard rule? How do I turn this into a lint rule? How do I turn this into a CI failure, or how do I categorically eliminate this problem entirely? I can talk about another migration I've done, but I'll probably pause here. That's where I am, what you're describing right now: I don't have all of these rules, so I have some things to go do after this session in terms of being able to scale my agents.
On like the, maybe a couple of parallel ones locally stage, like two to three locally. And I'm sure most people here are on the same. I know we only have a couple minutes left, Lauren, was there anything else that you wanted to highlight? I obviously there's lots of questions, so I can grab more, but I want to give you a few minutes if there's anything else you want to talk. I think I've been yapping for quite a lot. So I'm, I maybe let's just do questions. One question that came up a couple times was just around token usage.
So the question is whether what you're describing is realistic for people on a normal set of token usage, who don't have basically unlimited tokens to work with. That's a really good point. Obviously, I work at an AI lab where we have unlimited tokens, so I definitely cannot say that this is something everyone should do in the exact same way that I did it. I think it's possible to get to this point without breaking the bank.
But if you're an engineering leader or you have a startup that you lead, I think it's a question of ROI. Yes, you spend a lot of money upfront on refactoring your codebase, which takes a lot of tokens, but if we're heading to a world where agents are writing all the code, you want to be very lean.
You don't want to have to hire. You don't want to become like Meta, in terms of a 10,000-person engineering org. That's a cool problem to have, but you have so much overhead—planning, personally, I wouldn't; it is not super fun. But I think you want to stay very nimble, and agents are all about allowing you to do things that you couldn't do before.
That's really the value of agents to me. It's not just storing tokens on every single little thing, but the thing I couldn't do before is enforce this level of constraints in a code base by myself. As a single person, it would have taken me years to build this framework, do all the refactoring, test everything, and verify runs. Imagine if it was just me in the pre-agent era running the environment.
It will take me so long, and my salary is pretty high. The question an engineering leader might have is: what is the trade-off of hiring someone to do this versus spending tokens to set up a code base so that even the most naive, dumbest agents can do a good job? And when you actually get to this point, even agents that are not fable-size do an excellent job of writing code.
And this pays a lot of dividends as well for me personally, where I've empowered not just myself, but again, like PMS, designers, engineers who are not familiar with drop, but to just contribute in a way that is sustainable. So it's definitely a trade off for sure; nothing is free and tokens are pretty expensive. But we actually announced Grok 4.6 today.
So very exciting, finally out. So, Grok 4.6 would be like a great, it's very smart, it's really good on the benchmarks. And it's the same, the tokens. I hopefully I'm not saying this incorrectly, but I believe the cost per token is the same as 4.5. So you're actually getting more intelligence for the same cost. I think this is an area that cursor tries to cursor and Spacex AI try to really optimize for like that Pareto frontier of, cost versus intelligence.
We don't necessarily want to build the biggest model ever because that is extremely expensive to run. It's really about finding that sweet spot—you don't need a giant model, but one that's super smart and not very expensive for inference. To round it up, if you do your own analysis, I feel like it's pretty positive. The ROI you get from investing in stuff like this empowers not just yourself but your whole team to be so much more productive.
Imagine if you have an army of engineers like me who are shipping so many improvements and bug fixes every day. That is pretty exciting. One last question before we wrap up, this one is for the people in product on the call. So let's say we do have an army of engineers shipping like Lauren, I'm just curious how the product team or other functions of your company keep up given that if you're shipping so quickly.
Are they using AI more to do their jobs? As much as you can speak to that, and obviously you're not in that role, but just curious about how that works. I think this is where Grokbot has been exceedingly powerful. Before Grokbot, Cursor only had Cursor, like we only had agent, window, a CLI, and an IDE, and these are really power user tools designed for developers, so it's very developer centric.
You can do knowledge work in them, but the UI is not really optimized for that. A lot of people in GTM product might have used Cursor to do their work, but it definitely wasn't a delightful experience for them. Now with Grokbot, it has become a cultural moment for people who are not in tech, in my opinion. It's a very accessible way to use agents in a comfortable, familiar interface.
It looks like iMessage, and it's very fun too. You can give your agent funding, and you can do orchestration in a natural way where each agent is like a person. Now you've got a team of agents working on tasks; for example, you have one agent per account that you manage, or if you're a PM, you can have an agent that summarizes all the work that Lauren did last night, so now you know what I did. Our PMs are leveraging that a lot, and they're shipping code too.
I oftentimes they will just say, here's a bug. I fix it. Can you look at it? And then I'll go review it and actually it's just perfect. I'm like, okay, stamp. So that I think that shows that the Dune architecture is holding up. The all the really strict constraints allow people who are not experts in engineering to contribute at a high level. Summer, I feel like I'm already seeing that pay off a lot where designers and PMS are just able to ship features directly and that just makes the Grokbot team super fast, where we can ship so quickly. And we have a lot planned.
I'm very excited to ship more stuff, and we've grown up. We really wanted to take a fresh perspective on what it would look like if your agent was more like a colleague. So I started thinking about how I could make my agents automatically fix bugs for me while I sleep. That was the inspiration for some of our earlier experiments with building a more persistent bot. If you invest a lot in having early engineers' roles evolve in the agent world, that's how I see it.
As I mentioned, you're sort of like an engineering manager for your agents, but I think a big part of our responsibility now as engineers is also to keep the codebase in a condition where product managers and designers can contribute high-quality code. So I assume you can see my screen. Yes. Today, the big thing for me as I've been using agents to write code—and I'm sure a lot of you have had the same experience—is how do you trust it?
Especially if you are an engineer who has been writing code for a very long time, you have many opinions and lessons learned about doing good engineering. When you see agents winging it, guessing, hallucinating, and confidently stating that they found the smoking gun for the hundredth time, but it's not the real problem, you lose a lot of trust. And when you don't have much trust in your agents, you really can't get the most out of them.
And for me, the parallel is with management. If I'm an engineering manager for a team and I don't trust my engineers, then the mode of operation I'll be in is micromanagement. I'll have to spend a lot of time looking over my reports' shoulders and checking that they're doing their work well, that they're not shipping bugs to production.
And so I drew this chart because it's not a very scientific chart, but like, this is how I imagine myself and my journey through using agents. Like fast forward or back forward or fast back, fast backwards, like a year or so when you know, nobody was or not many people were using agents to code. I think you get into this mode where you are in very heavily in the loop with one or several, like a handful of agents and you find yourself just constantly figure, trying to understand what your agents are doing. And you're very in.
You're watching every single output. You are sitting there prompting and you really can't parallelize beyond that because you don't have that trust. You can't go to 100 agents, expand 100 agents when you don't even trust the output of one agent. So over the past five months, I feel like I've really been able to ascend this trust curve. And now I'm at the point where I actually have, this sounds kind of scary to say and it makes me sound like a slop artist, but I promise I'm not.
But I actually have my agents now auto merging PRs for me, which is a wild thing to say. I woke up today and there were like 20 PRs landed, and I just reviewed them on main—they were already landed and they were good. So how did I get to that point? That's basically what I wanted to talk about today. Feel free to jump in if you have questions. But oh, of course, I gotta show this chart where don't trust someone requested to control my computer.
Probably won't do that. So this chart, I'm sharing not to flex, but to show the journey so you can see the curve, which sort of inversely matches the contributions I've been able to land at Cursor. I joined 5 months ago, and my first month was not very productive because I was learning the code base and didn't know what was going on. As I got more confident in my agents, I've really been able to ramp up my productivity.
And again, last month I shipped 1,000 PRs, which is ridiculous. This month, we're only on the 12th, and I'm already at almost 800 PRs landed, so the velocity is definitely high. I'm sure a lot of you will be questioning how much of this code is actually good, and I think that's definitely fair to question. But if you set up your agents well, you can definitely get to a very similar level.
And so I'm gonna talk about how we do that. So for me, I think I'm curious, I guess calling your experience as well, but for me, I think the most important skill that you should have in your toolbox when you work with agents is verification. And by verification, I mean the ability for an agent to actually run the code or take CPU traces or heap snapshots or, open an iOS simulator, whatever, however your application is exposed to your users.
It can do the same thing and run it for real, actually test and verify it doesn't work because that's what really closes the loop. It doesn't guarantee your agent writes good code, but it allows them to at least write correct code, which is a big step forward for being able to trust your agent. I can share one example we have within Cursor.
Oops, where, let me open this. So for the precursors, this is actually an interesting story.

【The content is generated by AI and is for reference only.】