
My name is Lauren. You might know me as potato on X. Last month I did something pretty crazy: I shipped 2,000 requests to production. A lot of how I'm able to do this is through trust. I think a lot about trust in terms of how I can trust my agents to produce high quality work even when I'm not there.
My argument and thesis for this talk today is that if you forge agents really well, you can end up with something that looks more like a personal or even team software factory, producing very high quality code at much greater rates than before. However, I'm not a fan of the term software factory; I prefer the analogy of a Michelin kitchen, where as technologists we're not mass producing a product on an assembly line, but rather engaging in work that is highly creative.
It's the act of building a product, and it's art in some sense. Even though with agents we're not cooking the things that go into the product anymore, we're still responsible for the final outcome and thinking about our kitchen, because depending on how you set up your line cooks, your sous chefs, the kind of equipment they have, the kind of training they have, dishwashers, and the ratio of line cooks to dishwashers.
All of these ingredients go into making the final product, and I think this analogy is really apt. So I wanted to talk a little bit about a story before we begin, where six months ago when I first joined Cursor, before we were a part of SpaceX AI, I obviously had no agent skills to use. I just joined the company; it was a fresh code base and a fresh product that I was working on.
At the time, Cursor was building the replacement for the Cursor IDE, which is the new agents window. Before I joined Cursor, the agent window had quite a lot of performance issues, and my manager at the time asked if I was able to help them. Since I had spent some time on the React team before joining Cursor, it seemed like a good fit. However, when I first started, I quickly realized how manual this process was.
Obviously, I have done performance work before, but at the rate at which pull requests were being landed, it felt almost like an insurmountable wall of pull requests that kept coming in. I had no idea whether or not the performance of the app would be regressing. So a lot of my early time on the cursor team was spent looking at Chrome dev tools and the performance, doing performance traces, and taking heap snapshots.
And it was extremely manual. It got to the point where I just got really frustrated and started to think, wait, we have agents. What am I doing? So I started thinking about verification skills where my agent could actually run the application itself, take the traces for me, understand them, find the hotspots, and basically hill climb to better performance in our application automatically.
Throughout the last six months of being a cursor in SpaceX AI, my productivity has skyrocketed. I never set out to ship 2,000 pull requests a month; that was not a goal of mine at all, but I realized that all of the skills, tools, and code base changes I was making laddered up to this idea of trust. I didn't know it at the time, but I had this thought in the back of my head: I am the bottleneck, and I need to be able to take all of the knowledge that I have as an engineer.
Impart them into my team of agents so that I didn't need to be the blocker for everything, and you can clearly see that it's paid off. It really comes down to trust, but how exactly do you build that trust and where do you start if you're wherever you are in your journey of using agents?
When I started, I was in this category, the 1 to 5 range where you still feel like you have to babysit every chat and conversation and constantly course correct. You intervene and correct your agent so it does the right thing, but if you're not there, nothing gets done and the agents do the wrong thing.
And I would actually argue that this phase of using agents is the hardest to get out of because it's not always very clear how exactly you get out of it. And again, it just comes down to trust. The reason you're unable to go from one or five agents to something more like 100 is because you don't have trust in your agent's work yet. So if you don't have trust and you try to spawn 100 subagents or cloud agents, you're going to quickly find that you're just going to get a ton of sloppy requests.
A bunch of regressions and bugs shipped, and no one's going to be very happy with that. So that begs the question: how do you trust your agents more? For me, it really started when I joined the cursor team and began working on performance, where I realized the need for verification.
On the lower end of the scale for verification, you have things like the verification skills that I talk about, where you teach your agent how to run your application and use things like the Chrome Dev Tools protocol or whatever other protocol you have for debugging. Teach them how to debug the application, take performance traces, take heat snapshots, and so on.
On the opposite end of the spectrum, which is much harder and still very much an open question, is more formal verification where you rely on formal methods or languages like Lean or TLA+ to verify that your business-level or business logic invariants are always true and that your application is always in a correct state.
If you don't have the ability to run formal methods and very few people really do that with verification skills, you can get very far. So when I joined Cursor and started to work on the Cursor agent window, the first skill that I built was called Control Glass, which is a verification application, like I mentioned, and it does that through the crumple protocol. Something interesting about that skill is.
I iterated my way to this. It didn't start out this way, but the control or verification skill really has two components to it. The first part is obviously a CLI, so you want your agent to be able to reproducibly run the application and collect traces and evidence—empirical evidence that the code is working and that your performance bar is being met.
Rather than have your agents create scripts every time, which can differ between agent sessions, you can create a CLI within the skill directory and your agents will use that consistently. You need to invest in it and make it good so it can handle various use cases and run the application correctly.
Another thing that's also really important is this idea of a feature map. A feature map is something I coined when we started using control skills within Cursor. We quickly realized that a Slack report would come in and a user would post a very big screenshot, like a very small slice of the UI, with just three question marks. The agents using our control skills could run the application, but they were just guessing at what exactly the user meant.
And so I had this idea to create something called a feature map, which is inspired by a site map. It essentially is a form of materialized memory. How exactly does your application work? What features does it have? How does a user reach it in terms of keyboard shortcuts or what DOM elements to click on, and what all the different features do?
These feature maps are stored in the skill itself within the code base as part of the skill directory, and an automation maintains them. When we combine the CLI with the feature map, we quickly realized this combination was very powerful because agents could not only reproducibly control the application and take traces but also understand requests from internal and external users.
We very quickly realized that the control verification skills were so useful that they've become critical infrastructure for our team, and we constantly maintain it. The ability for an agent to verify its own work is extremely powerful. We have spent a lot of time on this skill, and it's very powerful for building that trust.
In addition to verification, you want correct verification because it's really about correctness—does the feature or code do what you want it to do? For example, does the checkout button actually check out the card? Verification is important for that because you get empirical evidence that the feature works, but it doesn't tell you much about the performance or code quality of that feature.
And that's where you start thinking about skills that teach agents to work like real software engineers. So I've built a plugin called pizza. I'm not gonna talk about the plugin too much today, but a lot of inspiration for that plug in, which is a collection of skills that I've created are inspired by the kind of workflows that I personally have used as my in my time doing software engineering for all sorts of different types of tasks. So the bugging you.
Feature development, prototyping. There's a whole bunch of different playbooks and skills that ship in P snack that teach your agents how to write code the way that you want them to. This is where the more experienced engineers on your team can really contribute to have a team repository of skills that just make your agents a lot smarter. When you combine those skills with verification skills, then you're able to get the point where your agents are able to not just verify that the work that they're doing is correct, but that it is also high quality.
Because of verification, you can collect real performance metrics, numbers, statistics, and telemetry on the application's performance. That's a really important part to invest in. Another important aspect is refactoring and rewriting your architecture to be more agent friendly.
And I almost wanna say that this is one of the most important things you can do as a software engineering team because if you really truly believe that agents are going to be writing all the code in the future, then we need to design our code bases so that they do the right thing by default. And you'll find that there's a scale or continuum between these different pieces of building trust in your agents.
I have five points here where the code base is really the best form of memory because agents love to extend existing patterns they see. This is just the nature of how LLMs work, where they're more likely to use whatever is in their context window to make changes. Of course, the files that agents read and open are part of their context window.
The code base is a really important part because agents aren't going to just refactor your code in every single PR. They're going to look at what's already there and extend it. The next level is about static analysis, where you have linters, compiler diagnostics, and continuous integration. These are guidelines and constraints that you can enforce in your code base so that whenever you correct your agent, you find that.
They just keep making the same mistake. You can add those as lint rules or even better, refactor your code base so that the mistake becomes categorically impossible. A step above that is where we move from hard constraints and enforcement into guidance. You have things like rules, bug bot, and skills, which agents will mostly use when doing their work, but there is also a chance they might forget to read a rule or the user piloting the agent ignores them.
Aren't quite as enforceable, but also an important part of setting up your environment so that you can really trust what your agents are doing. Finally, you have the style guide, which is really only enforceable by humans in a code review; you could put these in your rules and bug bot and skills as well. But if you don't, then you have this big glaring hole in your review process where now humans have to look at every single line that's been changed and remember the comment.
And with the rate of pull requests that are coming in, it just becomes impossible. So I definitely wouldn't recommend relying only on the style guide. I think the style guide or looking at human reviews is a good place to start in terms of what's missing. But you should really invest the time to think about the other four parts: your code base, making things categorically impossible through better data structures or algorithms, static analysis, and then, of course.
You layer that with rules, bugs, and skills on the code base front. In the Grokbot code base, we actually invested in setting something up that we call Dune, which is our agent-friendly framework. The inspiration for Dune really came about from a lot of performance issues we were seeing in the Cursor agent window.
A lot of lessons came out of that expiration. The key principle we landed on is that agents love taking shortcuts. So what if we designed a framework such that the shortcut, the easy path, is the right path for agents and also one that would be a code base that is maybe pretty annoying for humans to work in because it's so locked down.
In terms of what you can do and what you can't do, it actually creates the perfect environment for agents, especially ones that have very minimal context because not every contributor to your code base is going to be an engineer anymore. You can have designers, product managers, and CEOs going into the code base and shipping features. So we want to really think a lot about how we invest and set up our code bases so that even agents piloted by busy people with not a lot of context can do a good job by default.
As I mentioned before, your code base is really a form of memory for agents because they love to extend the existing patterns that they see. The reverse is also true: you can invest time to set up your code base so that bad patterns are categorically impossible or have lint rules that prevent them. But if you have existing anti-patterns, these will spread like a virus—one small workaround or a comment explaining a workaround, and agents will quickly copy that.
Matter of a few days or a few weeks, you'll find that the workaround has spread everywhere and it has become like a de facto pattern for all agents, and that's a really bad place to be in. That goes back to what I was saying about why it's really important. Whenever you're correcting your agents, invest the time into thinking about code base changes and static analysis, and of course layering them with rules, good rules, bug bot, and skills because of that reason. Another analogy that I like.
To the Michelin kitchen is this idea that your code base is kind of like a garden where you have workarounds that seem seemingly innocent at first. But then because of the nature of agents, you just copy that pattern over and over again and quickly end up with a vibe-coded code base that is a pain in the butt to maintain and has a lot of performance issues.
In my opinion, the perfect agent code base is one that's so locked down that it's really annoying for humans to write code in, but it's so conventional and standardized that even innocent-looking patterns are forbidden. The best example of this I have is something that seems very innocent when you look at it, but when you think about it, it's actually really bad.
And that pattern is agents leaving comments in the code. When I first saw agents starting to do this, I initially wasn't sure—well, I did think that a lot of them were slow, but I also thought that it actually isn't a bad thing. I guess if agents are leaving comments in the code, because as humans, we left comments in the code whenever we saw edge cases or needed to make a workaround.
Leave a note to ourselves or a colleague on a particularly tricky part of the code base. But what I quickly realized when we saw this happening in the cursor code base was that agents were using the comments around the code as justification for why it wasn't going to solve the actual problem, and instead paper over it with a Band Aid or a short term solution.
Which is again, the framework that powers Grok Bot. We made the choice to actually ban comments for that reason, so that agents would not just copy that pattern and propagate it everywhere in the code base. So my pitch here is that every team really needs something—a role that I'm calling a gardener—in the same way that with a real garden, you need someone who is thinking a lot about the.
Things that can creep in and grow in ways you don't want, like weeds or other types of organic growth. I don't know gardening well, but unwanted pests can creep into your code base, so you want to nip them in the bud as soon as possible before they start propagating everywhere. A lot of the principles behind doing this are centered around these three things.
First of all, we want to delete tech debt that we already have for reasons I just mentioned. We want to keep or enforce a single paved path for most bless patterns. There should be one conventional way to do some things so that agents don't really need to guess, and there should be enough guidance in the code base, in CI, in lint rules so that the agents are guided to follow that path. And finally, whenever you see tech debt or.
Bad patterns. Your instinct should be to write a lint rule against them. You don't always have to clean up immediately, because if you write a lint rule, you can at least stop the bleeding. It doesn't solve the problem entirely, but it prevents it from growing. I definitely recommend thinking a lot about how you can guard against anti-patterns so they don't spread like a virus, and also spending time to actually fix them.
Get your agents to clean them up so that your code base is constantly kept in a state where you would be happy if an agent were to copy it. That's the mindset I would recommend having. I won't go through all the details of doing it itself, but I'll gloss over some interesting parts. As a reminder, we've invested a lot into the architecture and client framework that we built for Power Graph Bot, including all the conventions I was mentioning.
We have a lot of conventions about where code should live and how it should be imported between modules. In application development, there are different concepts; for example, features are collocated in a single folder. You have an entry point in the React part of the code that determines, or can be thought of as, a route. You have transcript cards that appear in the Graph Bot application.
You have a host that runs on the Graph Bot virtual machine. Then you have your client, which powers the overall gene application. We maintain strict boundaries between these components; for example, things that run on the main process or main thread in Electron aren't allowed to run on the renderer thread. We keep this separation intentionally because of lessons learned from Cursor's agent window, where code would sometimes accidentally get imported into the renderer thread and slow it down.
Since on the renderer thread you want your UI to be very smooth and performant, you need to make sure that you don't have any long tasks or things that take longer than 16 milliseconds for 60 frames per second, or 8 milliseconds for 120 frames per second. Your renderer must constantly be in a state where it can chunk up the work and not do it all at once.
And so we have code within doing that enforces these boundaries through the import and dependency graph. That's just an example of a pattern that we saw lead to really bad performance that we categorically eliminated through the architecture. All these other pieces aren't that interesting, but again, the core theme here is not about Dune, but the idea that an agent friendly framework of your own is actually very powerful and you can encode all of the learning set you and your.
Your best engineers on your team have tribal knowledge of. The lesson here is how do you take that away from what used to be the style guide process of reviewing code and engineers reviewing other engineers' work and leaving comments to extract, almost like extracting that knowledge and encoding it into the framework, into the code base itself so that the code base accesses the memory.
It's the thing I keep coming back to: the code base is the materialized snapshot of the state in which you want your agents to extend, and you want that code base to be so pristine. So great that the next agent that comes along is very likely to continue that pattern and keep it really good. If you spend enough time on this process, as I mentioned, you can set up a Michelin kitchen or a software factory where, because you spend so much time on it.
All of these pieces that allow you to trust your agents, whether it's in the code base, lint rules, diagnostics, rules, bug bar, or skills. These layers come together and provide you a lot of trust because now, just imagine when you're working in the rock bot code base, it's super lockdown, almost impossible to write bad code, even for an agent.
With very little context, even an agent with not a lot of reasoning can come in and actually write code that's good. Going back to my example about the Michelin factory, there's a lot here where we're setting up our agents and bots with skills and tools, training them, and setting up our kitchen in a way that makes sense for the agent and bots to do the right thing by default.
Whenever we see, for example, in the kitchen, if we notice that one of our cooks or dishwashers is constantly tripping over something, we need to fix that. We need to problem solve and ensure others don't trip as well because the kitchen is a very dangerous place and you don't want to hurt yourself. We should have the same mindset with our code bases: how do we set it up so that even agents without a lot of knowledge can do a good job?
Grokbot and Cursor play an interesting role together where Grokbot is really great at providing what I call the outer loop because you can connect Grokbot to lots of different connectors like Slack, Datadog, Sentry, PlanetScale, or whatever services you use, and you can aggregate all of that information together and use it to make really good decisions for itself.
Some people call this a company brain. I personally don't think you need anything that sophisticated here because agents are really good at using tools. So if you connect these tools to Grok Bot and start having your Grok Bots auto kick off things like cloud agents, you can actually find that you don't really have to invest in a lot of infrastructure to build a software factory.
In fact, I'm going to cross out this term because I don't like it. You can set up your personal Michelin kitchen through Grokbot, such as Grokbot routines, which let you subscribe to Slack threads or Sentry alerts that automatically kick off actions. When you combine all these elements—your code base, rules, and skills—they compound, enabling Grokbot to automatically respond to events from the outer loop and then initiate follow-ups.
Cloud agents, and you can also set up cursor automations and use our SDK to set up additional bots that reuse a lot of these pieces of agent infrastructure you've set up, allowing them to do much more complicated tasks. So if you've done all this, you can get to a point where—I have some screenshots here of some of our automations and agents in that work on Cursor where we are automatically.
Reproducing bug reports. We're automatically opening pull requests. We are essentially adding a lot of value to the entire team because all these things compound. So if we zoom out again and go back to this graph, I think that to close off the talk, if you spend a lot of time thinking about all of the pieces that you need to be able to ascend the trust graph.
You start getting to a place where you can really trust your agents more and parallelize your work, also empowering your entire team to build on top of these pieces of infrastructure for your agents. This empowers every engineer and builder on your team to be extremely productive and write high quality code. So the last thing I want to leave you with is this piece.
Sorry, not that piece, but this piece. I think if there's only one thing you take away from my talk, it should be this slide here: these are the activities that will help you build up towards a high trust environment. Whenever you find yourself correcting and intervening your agent, you really want to think about it from these five pieces and where is the most effective step in this sequence in order to make your agent.
Much more trustworthy and of course, I definitely recommend thinking about it in this order: either invest the time to make that pattern categorically impossible through your code base, architecture, and data structures, or start looking at things like static analysis and then layer that on with rules, bug bot, and skills. If you do all of that and also spend some time thinking about your code quality in terms of skills.
You get to a place where you trust the environment so much that your agents can just be free. Personally, I have spent a lot of time on this for Grok bots code base, for example. This is really the secret—it's not really a secret, it's a lot of hard work. I hope you found this talk useful. Please reach out to me on X; my handle is potato with an e.
I hope you'll have a lot of fun and success pulling your own Michelin kitchen. Thanks for watching.

【The content is generated by AI and is for reference only.】